[website] Open Tech lead - Core role (#42189)
mui/material-ui: docs/pages/careers/react-tech-lead-core.md

# React Tech Lead — Core

> <p class="description">You will oversee the development of the MUI Core products, positioning the libraries as the industry standard for design teams while doubling its adoption.</p>

Reviewer: Not sure whether it's better, but we could also write this in the present tense

> You oversee the development of ...

> <p class="description">You will oversight the development of the MUI Core products, positioning the libraries as the industry standard for design teams while doubling its adoption.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p class="description">You will oversee the development of the MUI Core products, positioning the libraries as the industry standard for design teams while doubling its adoption.</p>
```

## The products

MUI is best known for our flagship product, Material UI—but this is just one of three core component libraries we maintain.

> Base UI is our headless component library, and Pigment CSS is a zero-runtime CSS-in-JS library, that is a replacement of the current styling engine using emotion/styled-components under the hood.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Base UI is our headless component library, and Pigment CSS is a zero-runtime CSS-in-JS library, developed to be the next step from Emotion/styled-components.
```

The previous writing was sounding too Material UI-centric (it was also implying that it's a replacement of _Material's_ styling engine). I guess we can be just broader and say that it's the next step from Emotion/styled-components when it comes to CSS-in-JS? cc @samuelsycamore for additional thoughts/suggestions!

> Base UI is our headless component library, and Pigment CSS is a zero-runtime CSS-in-JS library, that is a replacement of the current styling engine that uses emotion/styled-components under the hood.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Base UI is our headless component library, and Pigment CSS is a zero-runtime CSS-in-JS library, that is a replacement of the current styling engine using emotion/styled-components under the hood.
```

## Why we're hiring

The core components team (MUI Core) needs help.

> They are working on 4 products (Material UI, Base UI, MUI System and Pigment CSS) with a tiny team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are working on 4 products (Material UI, Base UI, MUI System, and Pigment CSS) with a tiny team.
```
